confiar:to trust
enriquecer:to enrich
notar:to note
elegir:to elect
preferir:to prefer
acabar:to end
mantener:to maintain
recibir:to receive
callarse:to keep quiet
doler:to hurt
participar:to participate
viajar:to travel
recordar:to recall
influir:to influence
pedir:to request
perdonar:to forgive
entrevistar:to interview
lanzar:to throw
llover:to rain
producir:to produce
averiguar:to find out
verificar:to verify
quemarse:to burn up
crucificar:to crucify
matricular:to enrol
nevar:to snow
fortalecer:to fortify
sonreír:to smile
satirizar:to satirize
chocar:to crash
enflaquecerse:to get thin
oponerse:to oppose
gritar:to shout
mostrar:to show
explicar:to explain
enfermar:to make ill
guardar:to guard
regatear:to haggle
registrar:to register
sacar:to take out
evacuar:to evacuate
importar:to import
comer:to eat
diseñar:to design
esquiar:to ski
dejar:to let
durar:to last
alquilar:to rent
calentarse:to get heated
llevar:to wear
acordarse:to remember
ahorcar:to hang
emigrar:to emigrate
envejecerse:to get old
apagar:to turn off
modificar:to modify
alentar:to encourage
prometer:to promise
ser:to be
combatir:to combat
sacrificar:to sacrifice
inventar:to invent
cansar:to tire
estudiar:to study
mandar:to order
depositar:to deposit
preparar:to prepare
afeitar:to shave
proponer:to propose
glorificar:to glorify
contribuir:to contribute
reinar:to reign
cancelar:to cancel
atender:to attend to
echar:to throw
insistir:to insist
hablar:to speak
regalar:to give
emborrachar:to make drunk
encontrar:to find
permitir:to permit
introducir:to put in
enriquecerse:to get rich
comprender:to comprehend
ahorrar:to save
censurar:to censor
invocar:to invoke
mudarse:to relocate
comunicar:to communicate
caminar:to walk
llorar:to cry
avisar:to warn
calmar:to calm
creer:to believe
cazar:to hunt
celebrar:to celebrate
reñir:to quarrel
despertarse:to wake up
aburrirse:to get bored
buscar:to search for
soler:to be used to
llamar:to call
adivinar:to guess
amanecer:to dawn
emborracharse:to get drunk
aportar:to contribute
aburrir:to bore
conservar:to conserve
sentir:to feel
atravesar:to cross over
conjugar:to conjugate
almorzar:to have lunch
consentir:to consent to
mentir:to lie
saludar:to greet
despedir:to say goodbye to
lograr:to achieve
untar:to anoint
pensar:to think
vomitar:to vomit
adorar:to adore
dudar:to doubt
enviar:to send
civilizar:to civilize
acercar:to bring near
extinguir:to extinguish
navegar:to navigate
arreglar:to arrange
abrir:to open
apostar:to bet
cenar:to eat supper
descansar:to rest
reducir:to reduce
levantar:to lift
colonizar:to colonize
iniciar:to initiate
consistir:to consist
graduarse:to graduate
replicar:to reply
calmarse:to calm down
bautizar:to baptize
pintar:to paint
practicar:to practice
bajar:to lower
eliminar:to eliminate
jurar:to swear
sustituir:to substitute
mover:to move
ofender:to offend
beber:to drink
cargar:to load
limpiar:to clean
predecir:to predict
indicar:to indicate
votar:to vote
rogar:to plead
saber:to know
desagradar:to displease
irse:to go away
perseguir:to pursue
repetir:to repeat
pagar:to pay
haber:to have
apretar:to be too tight
arrojar:to throw
traducir:to translate
pescar:to fish
copiar:to copy
despertar:to awaken
decir:to say
inmigrar:to immigrate
agorar:to prophesy
valer:to be worth
envejecer:to age
ir:to go
hallar:to find
crear:to create
desayunar:to eat breakfast
aprobar:to approve
dibujar:to draw
simbolizar:to symbolize
perder:to lose
aplaudir:to applaud
convertir:to convert
zambullirse:to dive
enflaquecer:to make thin
publicar:to publish
tañer:to strum
aliviar:to alleviate
prepararse:to get ready
montar:to mount
triunfar:to triumph
querer:to want
acostumbrar:to be accustomed to
satisfacer:to satisfy
hacer:to do
plantar:to plant
maquillar:to put make-up on
besar:to kiss
tropezar:to trip
vestir:to dress
parecer:to seem
permanecer:to remain
clarificar:to clarify
respirar:to breathe
picar:to prick
echarse:to throw myself
poner:to put
surgir:to arise
decidir:to decide
faltar:to lack
dedicarse:to devote myself
rezar:to pray
visitar:to visit
amar:to love
detener:to halt
gobernar:to govern
asustar:to frighten
callar:to keep quiet about
enfermarse:to get sick
expresar:to express
prohibir:to prohibit
tapar:to cover
acordar:to agree
convidar:to invite
felicitar:to congratulate
poseer:to possess
quemar:to burn
bailar:to dance
amenazar:to threaten
ofrecer:to offer
errar:to err
recoger:to pick up
romper:to break
calcular:to calculate
madurar:to mature
sobrevivir:to survive
maquillarse:to put on make-up
disgustar:to dislike
enfadar:to upset
caer:to fall
meter:to insert
aconsejar:to advise
reservar:to reserve
interpretar:to interpret
proteger:to protect
regar:to water
borrar:to erase
rehusar:to refuse
unir:to unite
escribir:to write
investigar:to investigate
servir:to serve
preguntarse:to wonder
andar:to operate
evitar:to avoid
platicar:to talk
entrar:to enter
quebrar:to break
aceptar:to accept
interesar:to interest
abusar:to abuse
atraer:to attract
coser:to sew
confiscar:to confiscate
oír:to hear
afirmar:to make firm
bañar:to give a bath
cobrar:to charge
medir:to measure
contar:to count
peinarse:to comb my hair
deber:to owe
crecer:to grow
cesar:to cease
acompañar:to accompany
constituir:to constitute
subir:to go up
enamorarse:to fall in love
competir:to compete
disfrutar:to enjoy
ladrar:to bark
cruzar:to cross
doblar:to double
avanzar:to advance
apreciar:to appreciate
destruir:to destroy
enojar:to anger
purificar:to purify
conseguir:to get
tocar:to touch
necesitar:to need
condenar:to condemn
estar:to be
heredar:to inherit
instalar:to install
significar:to signify
entusiasmar:to excite
enterarse:to find out
vestirse:to get dressed
cumplir:to fulfil
pasar:to pass
aumentar:to increase
morir:to die
cepillar:to brush
calentar:to heat
corregir:to correct
devorar:to devour
exhibir:to exhibit
comprar:to buy
seguir:to follow
aplicar:to apply
declarar:to declare
invertir:to invest
correr:to run
cocinar:to cook
colocar:to place
componer:to compose
trabajar:to work
suspirar:to sigh
acostar:to put to bed
requerir:to require
criar:to raise
duchar:to douche
escuchar:to listen to
preservar:to preserve
establecer:to establish
presentir:to have a premonition
gustar:to like
adornar:to adorn
freír:to fry
odiar:to hate
extender:to extend
alegrarse:to be glad
intentar:to try
tragar:to swallow
entretener:to entertain
fascinar:to fascinate
lavarse:to wash up
obtener:to obtain
lamentar:to lament
manejar:to handle
marcar:to mark
bordar:to embroider
llamarse:to be named
vivir:to live
controlar:to control
pelear:to fight
explotar:to exploit
conversar:to converse
sorprender:to surprise
equivocar:to mistake
broncearse:to get a suntan
quedar:to stay
desarrollar:to develop
educar:to educate
renovar:to renew
acostarse:to go to bed
construir:to build
consumir:to consume
volver:to return
legalizar:to legalize
generalizar:to generalize
efectuar:to effect
colgar:to hang
descender:to descend
desaparecer:to disappear
helar:to freeze
batir:to beat
desear:to desire
cuidar:to take care of
deprimir:to depress
renacer:to be reborn
merecer:to deserve
llenar:to fill
quejarse:to complain
mezclar:to mix
clasificar:to classify
acortar:to shorten
encantar:to delight
detestar:to detest
entusiasmarse:to get excited
sufrir:to suffer
charlar:to chat
imprimir:to print
olvidar:to forget
aguantar:to put up with
convenir:to be advisable
atacar:to attack
demostrar:to demonstrate
toser:to cough
entregar:to deliver
planchar:to iron
incluir:to include
sentarse:to sit down
pegar:to stick
criarse:to grow up
advertir:to notice
yacer:to lie
vaciar:to empty
levantarse:to get up
soportar:to stand
brindar:to toast
renunciar:to renounce
reír:to laugh
tardar:to delay
merendar:to have a snack
obedecer:to obey
cultivar:to cultivate
dedicar:to dedicate
luchar:to struggle
sugerir:to suggest
conocer:to know
actuar:to act
anunciar:to announce
saltar:to jump
secar:to dry
entender:to understand
explorar:to explore
distinguir:to distinguish
huir:to flee
provocar:to provoke
regir:to rule
parar:to stop
atreverse:to dare
florecer:to flourish
robar:to rob
conquistar:to conquer
bañarse:to take a bath
coger:to catch
asociar:to associate
causar:to cause
caber:to fit
proseguir:to proceed
admirar:to admire
compartir:to share
engañar:to deceive
invitar:to invite
exigir:to demand
confirmar:to confirm
firmar:to sign
describir:to describe
lastimar:to hurt
graduar:to adjust
organizar:to organize
cansarse:to get tired
reportar:to generate
ponerse:to put on
abrazar:to hug
descubrir:to discover
protestar:to protest
gruñir:to grunt
resultar:to turn out
funcionar:to function
volar:to fly
acostumbrarse:to get accustomed to
emplear:to employ
realizar:to carry out
salir:to leave
traer:to bring
reparar:to repair
deshacer:to undo
vender:to sell
conducir:to drive
terminar:to finish
enamorar:to inspire love in
herir:to injure
tener:to have
tirar:to throw
cortar:to cut
ilustrar:to illustrate
presentar:to introduce
distribuir:to distribute
arrepentirse:to repent
responder:to respond
contaminar:to contaminate
admitir:to admit
padecer:to endure
fabricar:to manufacture
invadir:to invade
acercarse:to approach
asistir:to attend
mirar:to watch
repasar:to review
caracterizar:to characterize
nadar:to swim
variar:to vary
bucear:to skin-dive
agradecer:to be thankful for
empezar:to begin
respetar:to respect
acontecer:to take place
afligir:to afflict
tratar:to treat
dirigir:to direct
desagradecer:to be unthankful for
esperar:to hope
aspirar:to breath in
inducir:to induce
guiar:to guide
salvar:to save
vencer:to overcome
peinar:to comb
violar:to violate
enseñar:to teach
encender:to light up
dormir:to sleep
divertir:to amuse
temer:to fear
ayudar:to help
teñir:to dye
divorciar:to divorce
regular:to regulate
burlar:to evade
ocurrir:to occur
cubrir:to cover
casar:to marry
cerrar:to close
contener:to contain
suponer:to suppose
barrer:to sweep
aparecer:to appear
bendecir:to bless
reconocer:to recognize
convencer:to convince
obligar:to oblige
usar:to use
gastar:to spend
estimar:to estimate
oler:to smell
defender:to defend
burlarse:to mock
ejercer:to exercise
nacer:to be born
soñar:to dream
lavar:to wash
exponer:to expose
dar:to give
tomar:to take
pesar:to weigh
abordar:to board
jugar:to play
resolver:to solve
ver:to see
acampar:to camp
disminuir:to diminish
venir:to come
abortar:to abort
utilizar:to utilize
anhelar:to be eager for
insultar:to insult
molestar:to bother
comenzar:to commence
formar:to form
alcanzar:to reach
castigar:to punish
masticar:to chew
abandonar:to abandon
apoyar:to support
alegrar:to make happy
reciclar:to recycle
culpar:to blame
prever:to foresee
depender:to depend
revelar:to reveal
fijar:to fix
decorar:to decorate
preguntar:to ask
equivocarse:to make a mistake
matar:to kill
llegar:to arrive
recomendar:to recommend
ensuciar:to dirty
escoger:to choose
devolver:to return
juntar:to join
chismear:to gossip
sentar:to seat
añadir:to add
sonar:to sound
señalar:to point out
derretir:to melt
sacudir:to shake
aprender:to learn
jactarse:to boast
negociar:to negotiate
agradar:to please
leer:to read
exportar:to export
hervir:to boil
curar:to cure
torcer:to twist
continuar:to continue
ganar:to win
probar:to taste
oponer:to put up
ubicar:to locate
confesar:to confess
regresar:to return
complicar:to complicate
fingir:to fake
poder:to be able
patinar:to skate
brillar:to shine
rechazar:to reject
informar:to inform
situar:to position
pertenecer:to belonged
contestar:to answer
fumar:to smoke
suceder:to happen
ducharse:to take a shower
negar:to deny
criticar:to criticize
costar:to cost
esconder:to hide
